---
title: Bumi Glagah Arum
date: 2021-10-01
published: true
tags: ["Android App"]
role: ["System Analyst", "Project Manager","UI Designer","Flutter Developer"]
client: "Fison Fahmi"
platform: "Android" 
backend: "Laravel"
year: "Oct 2021 - Jun 2022"
series: false
cover_image: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvhxdwwld/image/upload/v1660053070/cover-bumi_ouossh.png'
github_url: "none"
website_url: "none"
android_url: "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.bumi_glagah_arum"
apple_url:   "none"
canonical_url: false
description: "Bumi Glagah Arum is an application to manage the administration of the Glagah Arum Campground Tour, including cashiers, online rentals, waiters"
---
Bumi glagah arum is one of the tourist attractions to increase potential in the fields of education, economy, and tourism that presents views of Mount Semeru.

#### The Bumi Glagah Arum project consists of 3 user roles :
1. The first is the shop owner who is authorized to make products, view product sales results, accept orders, change order status when ready, print billing notes with Bluetooth.
2. Second is the Waiter, in this role the user can view the order status based on the table, view ready orders, make orders, search for available products, create order drafts, edit order drafts, and delete order drafts.
3. The third is an ordinary user, in this role the user can rent glamor camping, tent rentals, camping equipment rentals, outbound rentals, rental area

#### What do I do in this project?
-	Analyzed the optimal business processes from client specs request for three user roles (waitress, shopkeeper, and user) on a single application.
-	Create a user interface for the phone and tablet according to each user role and develop quickly in about three weeks into a single application.
-	Integrated authentication features into a single mobile app that allowed users can sign in and use mobile app features from different user roles.
-	Integrate notification features for different user roles in one app with firebase cloud messaging.
-	Developed and test invoice print feature on applications (shopkeepers role) for printer thermal Bluetooth devices.



> Leveraged Knowledge: Flowchart, Mind maps, Dart, Flutter, Firebase,
> State Management, getX, GetStorage, GetConnect, Conventional commits,
> Source code managemet, Figma, User interface design, User experience
> design.
